Create documentation for sealable namespaces (#3255)
openbao/openbao: website/content/docs/guides/sealable-namespaces.mdx

change the number of shares and threshold.

Then you will have to provide a quorum of the old key shares to finish the key
rotation procedure using the same command without the `-init` flag:

```shell-session
$ bao operator rotate-keys -ns=tenants/my-tenant
rotation nonce: 393bcb43-93b0-bd74-393e-19fa7a929cee
Unseal Key (will be hidden): 

Key 1: PBkUn7edaxLU1RoWhQ2V1WB/d+fDqD7vbTGdZn3RvlJL
Key 2: Kevv2P/y8quC2Z+fC0U+NFDv2QgHk8wz+xQWcR3kbHSn
Key 3: zCgyQ4nR65veU2N5w3KkJOI8LsIkDyCUlMn98bY6bvQn
Key 4: ivlPCrBJtMKGN66m6FTQVu+yW22WjE304Zz02tEyNF0o
Key 5: hFZUpb3i6L8m+aYcISaUVkF0FVFfKa4FMIo/oLifU9Ym

Operation nonce: 393bcb43-93b0-bd74-393e-19fa7a929cee

OpenBao unseal keys rotated to 5 key shares and a key threshold of 3. Please
securely distribute the key shares printed above. When OpenBao is re-sealed,
restarted, or stopped, you must supply at least 3 of these keys to unseal it
before it can start servicing requests.
```

You can cancel the rotation procedure at any time using the `-cancel` flag.

For more details see the documentation for the [`operator
rotate-keys`](../../commands/operator/rotate-keys#examples) command.

> ## Keyring Rotation

Reviewer: maybe let's add a ## keyring status section before this one, usage of `bao operator key-status -ns=tenants/my-tenant`

Author: I added `key-status` under ## Keyring Rotation, it makes it easier to explain what is returned.

OpenBao unseal keys rotated to 5 key shares and a key threshold of 3. Please
securely distribute the key shares printed above. When OpenBao is re-sealed,
restarted, or stopped, you must supply at least 3 of these keys to unseal it
before it can start servicing requests.
```

You can cancel the rotation procedure at any time using the `-cancel` flag.

For more details see the documentation for the [`operator
rotate-keys`](../../commands/operator/rotate-keys#examples) command.

## Keyring Rotation

To rotate the data encryption keys of a namespace, you can use the existing `bao
operator rotate` command, while specifying the namespace with the `-ns` flag.
This requires the namespace to be unsealed.

```shell-session
$ bao operator rotate -ns=tenants/my-tenant
Success! Rotated key

Key Term            2
Install Time        10 Jun 26 08:37 UTC
Encryption Count    0
```

You can always check the current status of the namespace keyring by using the `bao operator key-status` command:

```shell-session
$ bao operator key-status -ns=tenants/my-tenant
Key Term            2
Install Time        10 Jun 26 08:37 UTC
Encryption Count    0
```

> ## Generate a Sealable Namespace Root Token

Reviewer 2: How about emergency deleting of namespaces like in #3188?

Author: I left that out in case there were any more changes to behavior in that PR. Since that is merged now, I will add docs on that too.

- if an unseal is in progress, sealing resets the process. Key holders will need to re-enter their shares
- sealing a namespace that is already sealed has no effect (and will not reset the unseal progress)

If a parent namespace is sealed, all child namespaces with their own seal configurations are also sealed.

## Seal Status

To retrieve the seal status of a namespace, you can use the command `bao namespace seal-status`:

```shell-session
$ bao namespace seal-status -ns=tenants my-tenant
Key                Value
---                -----
Seal Type          shamir
Initialized        true
Sealed             true
Total Shares       5
Threshold          3
Unseal Progress    1/3
Unseal Nonce       0f975b9c-5644-6763-e4dc-73e7094ac136
HA Enabled         false
```

Retrieving the seal status of a non-sealable namespace will result in an error.

## Deleting a Sealable Namespace

If a sealable namespace is unsealed and empty, it can be deleted with the normal `bao namespace delete` command:

```shell-session
$ bao namespace delete -ns=tenants my-tenant
Success! Namespace deleted at: tenants/my-tenant/
```

> If a namespace is sealed and empty, it can be deleted with `bao namespace delete-sealed`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a namespace is sealed and does not contain child namespaces, it can be
deleted with `bao namespace delete-sealed`:
```
